What is your level in R?	What would you like to to see at R-Ladies Paris?	If you would be interested in giving a tutorial, what on? [Be sure you also provided name and email above.]	If you are interested but cannot attend the first meeting, could you let us know why?
intermediate	tutorials on packages (e.g. dplyr), tutorials on other aspects of R (e.g. Markdown, Shiny), general networking		I can probably make it, but if I can't it's because of the specific date/time combo
beginner	tutorials on introduction to R, tutorials on packages (e.g. dplyr), presentations on research in R, general networking, mentoring		I can only make it during work hours but it's only because I am a mother. I understand that evenings are best in most cases though.
intermediate	tutorials on other aspects of R (e.g. Markdown, Shiny), presentations on research in R, general networking		
intermediate advanced	presentations on research in R, jobs for R programmers, general networking, mentoring		
beginner	tutorials on packages (e.g. dplyr), tutorials on programs (e.g. RStudio), presentations on research in R		
intermediate	tutorials on packages (e.g. dplyr), tutorials on other aspects of R (e.g. Markdown, Shiny), tutorials on programs (e.g. RStudio), presentations on research in R		
intermediate	tutorials on introduction to R, tutorials on programs (e.g. RStudio), general networking, mentoring		
beginner	general networking, mentoring		
intermediate advanced	tutorials on other aspects of R (e.g. Markdown, Shiny), presentations on research in R, general networking, mentoring		
intermediate advanced	tutorials on packages (e.g. dplyr), tutorials on other aspects of R (e.g. Markdown, Shiny), tutorials on programs (e.g. RStudio), presentations on research in R, general networking, mentoring	I have done small tutorials on dplyr/tidyr or ggplot2 at INRA that I could recycle depending in the desired level. Otherwise potentially the use of Bioconductor packages.	Wednesdays do not work.
beginner	tutorials on introduction to R, tutorials on packages (e.g. dplyr), tutorials on other aspects of R (e.g. Markdown, Shiny), general networking		I won't be in Paris at this date
beginner	tutorials on introduction to R, tutorials on other aspects of R (e.g. Markdown, Shiny), presentations on research in R, general networking		
intermediate	tutorials on packages (e.g. dplyr), tutorials on other aspects of R (e.g. Markdown, Shiny), presentations on research in R, jobs for R programmers, general networking, mentoring		
beginner	tutorials on introduction to R, tutorials on programs (e.g. RStudio), presentations on research in R		
intermediate	tutorials on packages (e.g. dplyr), tutorials on other aspects of R (e.g. Markdown, Shiny), presentations on research in R, jobs for R programmers	analyzing eye-tracking data	
intermediate beginner	tutorials on packages (e.g. dplyr), tutorials on other aspects of R (e.g. Markdown, Shiny), tutorials on programs (e.g. RStudio), presentations on research in R, jobs for R programmers, general networking, mentoring		
beginner	tutorials on introduction to R, presentations on research in R, general networking, mentoring		
advanced	tutorials on other aspects of R (e.g. Markdown, Shiny), presentations on research in R, jobs for R programmers		
intermediate beginner	tutorials on packages (e.g. dplyr), mentoring		